README.md, before:

InCountry Storage SDK
============

Installation
-----
The recommended way to install the SDK is to use `pipenv` (or `pip`):
```
$ pipenv install incountry
```

Usage
-----
To access your data in InCountry using Python SDK, you need to create an instance of `Storage` class.
```python
from incountry import Storage

storage = Storage(
    api_key="string",              # Required to be passed in, or as environment variable INC_API_KEY
    environment_id="string",       # Required to be passed in, or as environment variable INC_ENVIRONMENT_ID
    endpoint="string",             # Optional. Defines API URL. Can also be set up using environment variable INC_ENDPOINT
    encrypt=bool,                  # Optional. If False, encryption is not used
    debug=bool,                    # Optional. If True enables some debug logging
    secret_key_accessor=accessor,  # Instance of SecretKeyAccessor class. Used to fetch encryption secret
)
```

`api_key` and `environment_id` can be fetched from your dashboard on `Incountry` site.

`endpoint` defines API URL and is used to override default one.

You can turn off encryption (not recommended). Set `encrypt` property to `false` if you want to do this.

#### Encryption key/secret

`secret_key_accessor` is used to pass a key or secret used for encryption.

Note: even though SDK uses PBKDF2 to generate a cryptographically strong encryption key, you must make sure you provide a secret/password which follows modern security best practices and standards.

`SecretKeyAccessor` class constructor allows you to pass a function that should return either a string representing your secret or a dict (we call it `secrets_data` object):

```python
{
  "secrets": [{
       "secret": str,
       "version": int, # Should be an integer greater than or equal to 0
	   "isKey": bool,  # Should be True only for user-defined encryption keys
    }
  }, ....],
  "currentVersion": int,
}
```

`secrets_data` allows you to specify multiple keys/secrets which SDK will use for decryption based on the version of the key or secret used for encryption. Meanwhile SDK will encrypt only using key/secret that matches `currentVersion` provided in `secrets_data` object.

This enables the flexibility required to support Key Rotation policies when secrets/keys need to be changed with time. SDK will encrypt data using current secret/key while maintaining the ability to decrypt records encrypted with old keys/secrets. SDK also provides a method for data migration which allows to re-encrypt data with the newest key/secret. For details please see `migrate` method.

SDK allows you to use custom encryption keys, instead of secrets. Please note that user-defined encryption key should be a 32-characters 'utf8' encoded string as required by AES-256 cryptographic algorithm.


Here are some examples how you can use `SecretKeyAccessor`.
```python
# Get secret from variable
from incountry import SecretKeyAccessor

password = "password"
secret_key_accessor = SecretKeyAccessor(lambda: password)

# Get secrets via http request
from incountry import SecretKeyAccessor
import requests as req

def get_secrets_data():
    url = "<your_secret_url>"
    r = req.get(url)
    return r.json() # assuming response is a `secrets_data` object

secret_key_accessor = SecretKeyAccessor(get_secrets_data)
```

### Writing data to Storage

Use `write` method in order to create/replace (by `key`) a record.
```python
def write(
        self,
        country: str,
        key: str,
        body: str = None,
        key2: str = None,
        key3: str = None,
        profile_key: str = None,
        range_key: int = None,
    ) -> Dict:
    ...


# write returns created record dict on success
{
    "record": Dict
}
```


Below is the example of how you may use `write` method
```python
write_result = storage.write(
    country="us",
    key="user_1",
    body="some PII data",
    profile_key="customer",
    range_key=10000,
    key2="english",
    key3="rolls-royce",
)

# write_result would be as follows
write_result = {
    "record": {
        "key": "user_1",
        "body": "some PII data",
        "profile_key": "customer",
        "range_key": 10000,
        "key2": "english",
        "key3": "rolls-royce",
    }
}
```


#### Encryption
InCountry uses client-side encryption for your data. Note that only body is encrypted. Some of other fields are hashed.
Here is how data is transformed and stored in InCountry database:
```python
{
    key,          # hashed
    body,         # encrypted
    profile_key,  # hashed
    range_key,    # plain
    key2,         # hashed
    key3,         # hashed
}
```

#### Batches
Use `batch_write` method to create/replace multiple records at once.

```python
def batch_write(self, country: str, records: list) -> Dict:
    ...


# batch_write returns the following dict of created records
{
    "records": List
}
```

Below you can see the example of how to use this method
```python
batch_result = storage.batch_write(
    country="us",
    records=[
        {"key": "key1", "body": "body1", ...},
        {"key": "key2", "body": "body2", ...},
    ],
)

# batch_result would be as follows
batch_result = {
    "records": [
        {"key": "key1", "body": "body1", ...},
        {"key": "key2", "body": "body2", ...},
    ]
}
```


### Reading stored data

Stored record can be read by `key` using `read` method. It accepts an object with two fields: `country` and `key`
```python
def read(self, country: str, key: str) -> Dict:
    ...


# read returns record dict if the record is found
{
    "record": Dict
}
```

You can use `read` method as follows:
```python
read_result = storage.read(country="us", key="user1")

# read_result would be as follows
read_result = {
    "record": {
        "key": "user_1",
        "body": "some PII data",
        "profile_key": "customer",
        "range_key": 10000,
        "key2": "english",
        "key3": "rolls-royce",
    }
}
```

### Find records

It is possible to search records by keys or version using `find` method.
```python
def find(
        self,
        country: str, # country code
        limit: int = None, # maximum amount of records to retrieve. Defaults to 100
        offset: int = None, # specifies the number of records to skip
        key: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        key2: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        key3: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        profile_key: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        range_key: Union[int, List[int], Dict] = None,
        version: Union[int, List[int], Dict] = None,
    ) -> Dict:
    ...
```
Note: SDK returns 100 records at most.

The return object looks like the following:
```python
{
    "data": List,
    "errors": List, # optional
    "meta": {
        "limit": int,
        "offset": int,
        "total": int,  # total records matching filter, ignoring limit
    }
}
```
You can use the following types for string filter parameters (`key`, `key2`, `key3`, `profile_key`):
```python
# single value
key2="value1" # records with key2 equal to "value1"

# list of values
key3=["value1", "value2"] # records with key3 equal to "value1" or "value2"

# dict with $not operator
key2={"$not": "value1"} # records with key2 not equal "value1"
key3={"$not": ["value1", "value2"]} # records with key3 equal neither to "value1" or "value2"
```


You can use the following types for `range_key` int filter parameter:
```python
# single value
range_key=1 # records with range_key equal to 1

# list of values
range_key=[1, 2] # records with range_key equal to 1 or 2

# dict with $not operator
range_key={"$not": 1} # records with range_key not equal 1
range_key={"$not": [1, 2]} # records with range_key equal neither to 1 or 2

# dict with comparison operators
range_key={"$gt": 1} # records with range_key greater than 1
range_key={"$gte": 1} # records with range_key greater than or equal to 1
range_key={"$lt": 1} # records with range_key less than 1
range_key={"$lte": 1} # records with range_key less than or equal to 1

# you can combine different comparison operators
range_key={"$gt": 1, "$lte": 10} # records with range_key greater than 1 and less than or equal to 10

# you can't combine similar comparison operators - e.g. $gt and $gte, $lt and $lte
```


You can use the following types for `version` int filter parameter:
```python
# single value
version=1 # records with version equal to 1

# list of values
version=[1, 2] # records with version equal to 1 or 2

# dict with $not operator
version={"$not": 1} # records with version not equal 1
version={"$not": [1, 2]} # records with version equal neither to 1 or 2
```

Here is the example of how `find` method can be used:
```python
find_result = storage.find(country="us", limit=10, offset=10, key2="value1", key3=["value2", "value3"])

# find_result would be as follows
find_result = {
    "data": [
        {
            "key": "<key>",
            "body": "<body>",
            "key2": "value1",
            "key3": "value2",
            ...
        }
    ],
    "meta": {
        "limit": 10,
        "offset": 10,
        "total": 100,
    }
}
```

#### Error handling

There could be a situation when `find` method will receive records that could not be decrypted.
For example, if one changed the encryption key while the found data is encrypted with the older version of that key.
In such cases find() method return data will be as follows:

```python
{
    "data": [...],  # successfully decrypted records
    "errors": [{
        "rawData",  # raw record which caused decryption error
        "error",    # decryption error description
    }, ...],
    "meta": { ... }
}
```

### Find one record matching filter

If you need to find only one of the records matching filter, you can use the `find_one` method.
```python
def find_one(
        self,
        country: str,
        offset: int = None,
        key: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        key2: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        key3: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        profile_key: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        range_key: Union[int, List[int], Dict] = None,
        version: Union[int, List[int], Dict] = None,
    ) -> Union[Dict, None]:
    ...


# If record is not found, find_one will return `None`. Otherwise it will return record dict
{
    "record": Dict
}
```

Below is the example of using `find_one` method:
```python
find_one_result = storage.find_one(country="us", key2="english", key3=["rolls-royce", "bmw"])

# find_one_result would be as follows
find_one_result = {
    "record": {
        "key": "user_1",
        "body": "some PII data",
        "profile_key": "customer",
        "range_key": 10000,
        "key2": "english",
        "key3": "rolls-royce",
    }
}
```


### Delete records
Use `delete` method in order to delete a record from InCountry storage. It is only possible using `key` field.
```python
def delete(self, country: str, key: str) -> Dict:
    ...


# delete returns the following dict on success
{
    "success": True
}
```

Below is the example of using delete method:
```python
delete_result = storage.delete(country="us", key="<key>")

# delete_result would be as follows
delete_result = {
    "success": True
}
```

## Data Migration and Key Rotation support
Using `secret_key_accessor` that provides `secrets_data` object enables key rotation and data migration support.

SDK introduces `migrate` method which allows you to re-encrypt data encrypted with old versions of the secret.
```python
def migrate(self, country: str, limit: int = None) -> Dict:
    ...


# migrate returns the following dict with meta information
{
    "migrated": int   # the amount of records migrated
	"total_left": int # the amount of records left to migrate (amount of records with version
                      # different from `currentVersion` provided by `secret_key_accessor`)
}
```
You should specify `country` you want to conduct migration in and `limit` for precise amount of records to migrate.


Note: maximum number of records migrated per request is 100

For a detailed example of a migration script please see `/examples/full_migration.py`

Custom Encryption Support
-----
SDK supports the ability to provide custom encryption/decryption methods if you decide to use your own algorithm instead of the default one.

`Storage.set_custom_encryption(configs)` allows you to pass an array of custom encryption configurations with the following schema, which enables custom encryption:

```python
{
    "encrypt": Callable,
    "decrypt": Callable,
    "isCurrent": bool,
    "version": str
}
```

Both `encrypt` and `decrypt` attributes should be functions implementing the following interface

```python
encrypt(raw:str, key:bytes, key_version:int) -> str:
    ...

decrypt(raw:str, key:bytes, key_version:int) -> str:
    ...
```
They should accept raw data to encrypt/decrypt, key data (represented as bytes array) and key version received from `SecretKeyAccessor`.
The resulted encrypted/decrypted data should be a string.

`version` attribute is used to differ one custom encryption from another and from the default encryption as well.
This way SDK will be able to successfully decrypt any old data if encryption changes with time.

`isCurrent` attribute allows to specify one of the custom encryption configurations to use for encryption. Only one configuration can be set as `"isCurrent": True`.

If none of the configurations have `"isCurrent": True` then the SDK will use default encryption to encrypt stored data. At the same time it will keep the ability to decrypt old data, encrypted with custom encryption (if any).

Here's an example of how you can set up SDK to use custom encryption (using Fernet encryption method from https://cryptography.io/en/latest/fernet/)

```python

def enc(text, key, key_ver):
    cipher = Fernet(key)
    return cipher.encrypt(text.encode("utf8")).decode("utf8")

def dec(ciphertext, key, key_ver):
    cipher = Fernet(key)
    return cipher.decrypt(ciphertext.encode("utf8")).decode("utf8")

custom_encryption_configs = [
    {
        "encrypt": enc,
        "decrypt": dec,
        "version": "test",
        "isCurrent": True,
    }
]

key = "<base64_key_data>" # Fernet uses 32-byte length key encoded using base64

secret_key_accessor = SecretKeyAccessor(
    lambda: {
        "currentVersion": 1,
        "secrets": [{"secret": key, "version": 1, "isKey": True}],
    }
)

storage = Storage(
    api_key="<api_key>",
    environment_id="<env_id>",
    secret_key_accessor=secret_key_accessor,
)

storage.set_custom_encryption(custom_encryption_configs)
storage.write(country="us", key="<key>", body="<body>")
```

Testing Locally
-----

1. In terminal run `pipenv run tests` for unit tests
2. In terminal run `pipenv run integrations` to run integration tests

Commit message:

SDK-63 [ENH] add contries.md file [ENH] add link to countries file to README.md

README.md, after:

InCountry Storage SDK
============

Installation
-----
The recommended way to install the SDK is to use `pipenv` (or `pip`):
```
$ pipenv install incountry
```

Countries List
----
For a full list of supported countries and their codes please [follow this link](countries.md).

Usage
-----
To access your data in InCountry using Python SDK, you need to create an instance of `Storage` class.
```python
from incountry import Storage

storage = Storage(
    api_key="string",              # Required to be passed in, or as environment variable INC_API_KEY
    environment_id="string",       # Required to be passed in, or as environment variable INC_ENVIRONMENT_ID
    endpoint="string",             # Optional. Defines API URL. Can also be set up using environment variable INC_ENDPOINT
    encrypt=bool,                  # Optional. If False, encryption is not used
    debug=bool,                    # Optional. If True enables some debug logging
    secret_key_accessor=accessor,  # Instance of SecretKeyAccessor class. Used to fetch encryption secret
)
```

`api_key` and `environment_id` can be fetched from your dashboard on `Incountry` site.

`endpoint` defines API URL and is used to override default one.

You can turn off encryption (not recommended). Set `encrypt` property to `false` if you want to do this.

#### Encryption key/secret

`secret_key_accessor` is used to pass a key or secret used for encryption.

Note: even though SDK uses PBKDF2 to generate a cryptographically strong encryption key, you must make sure you provide a secret/password which follows modern security best practices and standards.

`SecretKeyAccessor` class constructor allows you to pass a function that should return either a string representing your secret or a dict (we call it `secrets_data` object):

```python
{
  "secrets": [{
       "secret": str,
       "version": int, # Should be an integer greater than or equal to 0
	   "isKey": bool,  # Should be True only for user-defined encryption keys
    }
  }, ....],
  "currentVersion": int,
}
```

`secrets_data` allows you to specify multiple keys/secrets which SDK will use for decryption based on the version of the key or secret used for encryption. Meanwhile SDK will encrypt only using key/secret that matches `currentVersion` provided in `secrets_data` object.

This enables the flexibility required to support Key Rotation policies when secrets/keys need to be changed with time. SDK will encrypt data using current secret/key while maintaining the ability to decrypt records encrypted with old keys/secrets. SDK also provides a method for data migration which allows to re-encrypt data with the newest key/secret. For details please see `migrate` method.

SDK allows you to use custom encryption keys, instead of secrets. Please note that user-defined encryption key should be a 32-characters 'utf8' encoded string as required by AES-256 cryptographic algorithm.


Here are some examples how you can use `SecretKeyAccessor`.
```python
# Get secret from variable
from incountry import SecretKeyAccessor

password = "password"
secret_key_accessor = SecretKeyAccessor(lambda: password)

# Get secrets via http request
from incountry import SecretKeyAccessor
import requests as req

def get_secrets_data():
    url = "<your_secret_url>"
    r = req.get(url)
    return r.json() # assuming response is a `secrets_data` object

secret_key_accessor = SecretKeyAccessor(get_secrets_data)
```

### Writing data to Storage

Use `write` method in order to create/replace (by `key`) a record.
```python
def write(
        self,
        country: str,
        key: str,
        body: str = None,
        key2: str = None,
        key3: str = None,
        profile_key: str = None,
        range_key: int = None,
    ) -> Dict:
    ...


# write returns created record dict on success
{
    "record": Dict
}
```


Below is the example of how you may use `write` method
```python
write_result = storage.write(
    country="us",
    key="user_1",
    body="some PII data",
    profile_key="customer",
    range_key=10000,
    key2="english",
    key3="rolls-royce",
)

# write_result would be as follows
write_result = {
    "record": {
        "key": "user_1",
        "body": "some PII data",
        "profile_key": "customer",
        "range_key": 10000,
        "key2": "english",
        "key3": "rolls-royce",
    }
}
```


#### Encryption
InCountry uses client-side encryption for your data. Note that only body is encrypted. Some of other fields are hashed.
Here is how data is transformed and stored in InCountry database:
```python
{
    key,          # hashed
    body,         # encrypted
    profile_key,  # hashed
    range_key,    # plain
    key2,         # hashed
    key3,         # hashed
}
```

#### Batches
Use `batch_write` method to create/replace multiple records at once.

```python
def batch_write(self, country: str, records: list) -> Dict:
    ...


# batch_write returns the following dict of created records
{
    "records": List
}
```

Below you can see the example of how to use this method
```python
batch_result = storage.batch_write(
    country="us",
    records=[
        {"key": "key1", "body": "body1", ...},
        {"key": "key2", "body": "body2", ...},
    ],
)

# batch_result would be as follows
batch_result = {
    "records": [
        {"key": "key1", "body": "body1", ...},
        {"key": "key2", "body": "body2", ...},
    ]
}
```


### Reading stored data

Stored record can be read by `key` using `read` method. It accepts an object with two fields: `country` and `key`
```python
def read(self, country: str, key: str) -> Dict:
    ...


# read returns record dict if the record is found
{
    "record": Dict
}
```

You can use `read` method as follows:
```python
read_result = storage.read(country="us", key="user1")

# read_result would be as follows
read_result = {
    "record": {
        "key": "user_1",
        "body": "some PII data",
        "profile_key": "customer",
        "range_key": 10000,
        "key2": "english",
        "key3": "rolls-royce",
    }
}
```

### Find records

It is possible to search records by keys or version using `find` method.
```python
def find(
        self,
        country: str, # country code
        limit: int = None, # maximum amount of records to retrieve. Defaults to 100
        offset: int = None, # specifies the number of records to skip
        key: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        key2: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        key3: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        profile_key: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        range_key: Union[int, List[int], Dict] = None,
        version: Union[int, List[int], Dict] = None,
    ) -> Dict:
    ...
```
Note: SDK returns 100 records at most.

The return object looks like the following:
```python
{
    "data": List,
    "errors": List, # optional
    "meta": {
        "limit": int,
        "offset": int,
        "total": int,  # total records matching filter, ignoring limit
    }
}
```
You can use the following types for string filter parameters (`key`, `key2`, `key3`, `profile_key`):
```python
# single value
key2="value1" # records with key2 equal to "value1"

# list of values
key3=["value1", "value2"] # records with key3 equal to "value1" or "value2"

# dict with $not operator
key2={"$not": "value1"} # records with key2 not equal "value1"
key3={"$not": ["value1", "value2"]} # records with key3 equal neither to "value1" or "value2"
```


You can use the following types for `range_key` int filter parameter:
```python
# single value
range_key=1 # records with range_key equal to 1

# list of values
range_key=[1, 2] # records with range_key equal to 1 or 2

# dict with $not operator
range_key={"$not": 1} # records with range_key not equal 1
range_key={"$not": [1, 2]} # records with range_key equal neither to 1 or 2

# dict with comparison operators
range_key={"$gt": 1} # records with range_key greater than 1
range_key={"$gte": 1} # records with range_key greater than or equal to 1
range_key={"$lt": 1} # records with range_key less than 1
range_key={"$lte": 1} # records with range_key less than or equal to 1

# you can combine different comparison operators
range_key={"$gt": 1, "$lte": 10} # records with range_key greater than 1 and less than or equal to 10

# you can't combine similar comparison operators - e.g. $gt and $gte, $lt and $lte
```


You can use the following types for `version` int filter parameter:
```python
# single value
version=1 # records with version equal to 1

# list of values
version=[1, 2] # records with version equal to 1 or 2

# dict with $not operator
version={"$not": 1} # records with version not equal 1
version={"$not": [1, 2]} # records with version equal neither to 1 or 2
```

Here is the example of how `find` method can be used:
```python
find_result = storage.find(country="us", limit=10, offset=10, key2="value1", key3=["value2", "value3"])

# find_result would be as follows
find_result = {
    "data": [
        {
            "key": "<key>",
            "body": "<body>",
            "key2": "value1",
            "key3": "value2",
            ...
        }
    ],
    "meta": {
        "limit": 10,
        "offset": 10,
        "total": 100,
    }
}
```

#### Error handling

There could be a situation when `find` method will receive records that could not be decrypted.
For example, if one changed the encryption key while the found data is encrypted with the older version of that key.
In such cases find() method return data will be as follows:

```python
{
    "data": [...],  # successfully decrypted records
    "errors": [{
        "rawData",  # raw record which caused decryption error
        "error",    # decryption error description
    }, ...],
    "meta": { ... }
}
```

### Find one record matching filter

If you need to find only one of the records matching filter, you can use the `find_one` method.
```python
def find_one(
        self,
        country: str,
        offset: int = None,
        key: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        key2: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        key3: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        profile_key: Union[str, List[str], Dict] = None,
        range_key: Union[int, List[int], Dict] = None,
        version: Union[int, List[int], Dict] = None,
    ) -> Union[Dict, None]:
    ...


# If record is not found, find_one will return `None`. Otherwise it will return record dict
{
    "record": Dict
}
```

Below is the example of using `find_one` method:
```python
find_one_result = storage.find_one(country="us", key2="english", key3=["rolls-royce", "bmw"])

# find_one_result would be as follows
find_one_result = {
    "record": {
        "key": "user_1",
        "body": "some PII data",
        "profile_key": "customer",
        "range_key": 10000,
        "key2": "english",
        "key3": "rolls-royce",
    }
}
```


### Delete records
Use `delete` method in order to delete a record from InCountry storage. It is only possible using `key` field.
```python
def delete(self, country: str, key: str) -> Dict:
    ...


# delete returns the following dict on success
{
    "success": True
}
```

Below is the example of using delete method:
```python
delete_result = storage.delete(country="us", key="<key>")

# delete_result would be as follows
delete_result = {
    "success": True
}
```

## Data Migration and Key Rotation support
Using `secret_key_accessor` that provides `secrets_data` object enables key rotation and data migration support.

SDK introduces `migrate` method which allows you to re-encrypt data encrypted with old versions of the secret.
```python
def migrate(self, country: str, limit: int = None) -> Dict:
    ...


# migrate returns the following dict with meta information
{
    "migrated": int   # the amount of records migrated
	"total_left": int # the amount of records left to migrate (amount of records with version
                      # different from `currentVersion` provided by `secret_key_accessor`)
}
```
You should specify `country` you want to conduct migration in and `limit` for precise amount of records to migrate.


Note: maximum number of records migrated per request is 100

For a detailed example of a migration script please see `/examples/full_migration.py`

Custom Encryption Support
-----
SDK supports the ability to provide custom encryption/decryption methods if you decide to use your own algorithm instead of the default one.

`Storage.set_custom_encryption(configs)` allows you to pass an array of custom encryption configurations with the following schema, which enables custom encryption:

```python
{
    "encrypt": Callable,
    "decrypt": Callable,
    "isCurrent": bool,
    "version": str
}
```

Both `encrypt` and `decrypt` attributes should be functions implementing the following interface

```python
encrypt(raw:str, key:bytes, key_version:int) -> str:
    ...

decrypt(raw:str, key:bytes, key_version:int) -> str:
    ...
```
They should accept raw data to encrypt/decrypt, key data (represented as bytes array) and key version received from `SecretKeyAccessor`.
The resulted encrypted/decrypted data should be a string.

`version` attribute is used to differ one custom encryption from another and from the default encryption as well.
This way SDK will be able to successfully decrypt any old data if encryption changes with time.

`isCurrent` attribute allows to specify one of the custom encryption configurations to use for encryption. Only one configuration can be set as `"isCurrent": True`.

If none of the configurations have `"isCurrent": True` then the SDK will use default encryption to encrypt stored data. At the same time it will keep the ability to decrypt old data, encrypted with custom encryption (if any).

Here's an example of how you can set up SDK to use custom encryption (using Fernet encryption method from https://cryptography.io/en/latest/fernet/)

```python

def enc(text, key, key_ver):
    cipher = Fernet(key)
    return cipher.encrypt(text.encode("utf8")).decode("utf8")

def dec(ciphertext, key, key_ver):
    cipher = Fernet(key)
    return cipher.decrypt(ciphertext.encode("utf8")).decode("utf8")

custom_encryption_configs = [
    {
        "encrypt": enc,
        "decrypt": dec,
        "version": "test",
        "isCurrent": True,
    }
]

key = "<base64_key_data>" # Fernet uses 32-byte length key encoded using base64

secret_key_accessor = SecretKeyAccessor(
    lambda: {
        "currentVersion": 1,
        "secrets": [{"secret": key, "version": 1, "isKey": True}],
    }
)

storage = Storage(
    api_key="<api_key>",
    environment_id="<env_id>",
    secret_key_accessor=secret_key_accessor,
)

storage.set_custom_encryption(custom_encryption_configs)
storage.write(country="us", key="<key>", body="<body>")
```

Testing Locally
-----

1. In terminal run `pipenv run tests` for unit tests
2. In terminal run `pipenv run integrations` to run integration tests
